FOCUS #604: Issue templates review (#612)
FinOps-Open-Cost-and-Usage-Spec/FOCUS_Spec: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/feedback.md

> # Feature Request and Use Case Feedback

Author: ```suggestion
# Feedback on Unsupported Features, Use Cases, and Existing FOCUS Spec.
```

> **Placeholder:** List the specific use cases that can't be performed due to the existing limitations.

## 3. **FinOps Personas**
List the FinOps personas this issue relates to.

**Which FinOps personas does this issue relate to?**  
_Indicate which FinOps personas this issue relates to._  
> **Placeholder:** e.g., Practitioner, Executive, Finance, Engineering, Procurement, Operations, etc.

## 4. **Providers**
List provider groups or specific providers this issue relates to.

**Which provider groups or specific providers does this issue relate to?**  
_List provider groups (e.g., CSPs, SaaS) separated by semicolons (`;`), and specific providers within those groups separated by commas (`,`). If the issue applies to all providers within a group, you can simply specify the group name (e.g., 'All CSPs')._  
> **Placeholder:** e.g., All CSPs; SaaS: Snowflake, Salesforce

## 5. **Criticality Scale**
Indicate how critical this issue or feature request is for your organization using the scale provided below.

**On a scale of 1 - 4, how critical is this for your organization?**  
_Select one of the provided options:_  

> - 1: Blocks my organization from adopting FOCUS
> - 2: Important for adoption in the next 3-6 months
> - 3: Important for adoption in the next 6-12 months
> - 4: Suggestion, not planning to use FOCUS soon

Author: I'm not sure if the Criticality is meant to indicate 
- the urgency of resolving the issue 
- or the organization’s own FOCUS adoption plans. 

Assuming we're focusing on the urgency of resolution, I propose the following suggestion:

```suggestion
- 1: Critical - Blocks my organization from adopting FOCUS
- 2: Important - Ideally resolved within the next 3-6 months
- 3: Important - Ideally resolved within the next 6-12 months
- 4: Suggestion - Resolution not urgent
```

Reviewer: Agree with suggested change
